d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\Who.dll.config
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\Who.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\Who.pdb
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Spatial.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\System.Spatial.xml
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\obj\Debug\Who.dll
d:\users\charlie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\obj\Debug\Who.pdb
D:\Users\charlie\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Who\Who\obj\Debug\Who.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
